# The Tau DaoShanZhan Annual Grand Circuit Standards and Regulations
This started as a few words being thrown around on #gm-corner about illegal mech racing but I decided to take it a step further and seem to have started a... possible mission hook? Set of complicated inside jokes? Actual legit worldbuilding?
In any case, feel free to branch out with your own ideas for regulations and/or commentary from the regulatory board or maybe even some behind-the-scenes stories provided by a certain sneaky and well-informed rat. I'd write a short tutorial for those who don't know how to work with git repos but want to add suggested race regulations or standards to the list, but I'm super tired right now, someone else can do it or I'll do it later when I wake up.
The stuff I've written thus far is in that there text file, and like I said if you've got ideas for regulations of your own feel free to make a branch and request a pull.
Thanks to hypirlink#3917, who put together [a sitrep for a mech racing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YJAUVlH8WRb6bkczWiUZmSqz8FSPFBnR65-5BEhJ7Jg/edit?usp=sharing) that you should totally check out and use in your next campaign, Hannah#9631 who's collated [a few thoughts on possible mech racing shenanigans](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ocptNiC8KOwVXhLWJgjSBV-fGpzDZEHlOKG_-L1x_Js/edit?usp=sharing) and whose ability to find exploits the regulatory board continues to look forward to, and of course thanks to DoctorD#6351 for prompting this whole business to begin with, the madlad. Acknowledgements to Lollerisms, AReasonWhy, DANCER and Prudentia for contributing ideas (I've archived some of the chats in my private records so that I can consider these... strategies at my leisure), and special mention goes to BlindDuke for making me do a spit take with the Celestial Shackles idea.

Stay safe, Pilots.
-Taihus#5704
